update avail integration content (#3898)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/migration/sl-migration.md

### Migration guide for Hex

:::important Hex integration coming soon

> Hex is currently working on an integration with the new dbt Semantic Layer. This section will have updated instructions once the integration is available.

Author: ```suggestion
Hex’s Semantic Layer integration will be available for use in the coming weeks. This section will have updated instructions once the integration is available.
```

:::

> 1. Set up a new connection for the Semantic Layer for your account. Something to note is that your old connection will still work. The following Loom video guides you in setting up your Semantic Layer with Hex:

Author: @rpourzand do we need the steps that follow this "migration guide for hex" section due to the recent update? or is the callout enough right now?

Reviewer: I think this callout is enough for now
